New Waters After the Mediterranean.

This article was the first time I launched it here, although I posted a draft of that article on my blog which is not well known, I edited and refined it here into a globally accepted language. I titled it "the new waters after the Mediterranean".
The islands which consist of about 17,504 islands with a coastline of approximately 81,000 km are located in Southeast Asia and one of the Oceania regions called Maritime Southeast Asia and its waters are internationally recognized by oceanographers as having a characteristic called 'Agulhas or generally speaking. called the Agulhas ring, so-called because its deepwater currents form a mysterious anticyclonic vortex~I can't wait to spontaneously say that this relatively safe area can invite a bad climate in the waters of the Atlantic Ocean around the Americas and the Pacific Ocean, so how about this affect the global climate?
There are many hurricane events that are named after ordinary women. For example, the recent tropical hurricane Grace which occurred on August 13-21 2021, Hurricane Ida on September 5, 2021. This could be due to the peculiarities of the tropical sea whose circulation passes through the Indian Ocean~the presence of Agulhas from large amounts of warm and salty water entering to the Atlantic ocean currents directly through the south of the Cape of Good Hope which forms an anticyclone vortex or in the language of oceanography the leakage of Agulhas is always replaced by water whose current comes from the Pacific flow through the Indonesian sea ~ the Indonesian throughflow (ITF) or the Indonesian throughflow, see also Klaus monograph Wyrtki's 1961 which greatly influenced oceanographers who in their scientific work made a scientific approach as I would like to immediately mention and quote a world marine researcher, his research includes a vast ocean whose name is Arnold L Gordon, in his Oceanography Vol. 18, No. 4, December 2005. FOR THE LAST 20 YEARS, much of his research has been directed at ~10% of the equatorial circumference represented by the Indonesian seas~tropical seas in the hintersea of ​​the Archipelago. And this fact makes Hintersea Nusantara, which consists of large and small islands or provinces, a geographically strategic place.


